Purposes of Interfaces

multiple implementations of same stuff
when you apply an interface to multiple different classes because you need
some sort of convention that these classes are goonna be able to do some stuff or have some functionality.
create loosely coupled software.
hide implementation details of classes from each other

loosely coupling vs tightly coupling

In object oriented design, the amount of coupling refers to how much the design of
 one class depends on the design of another class. In other words, how often do
 changes in class A force related changes in class B? Tight coupling means
 the two classes often change together, loose coupling means they are mostly independent.
 In general, loose coupling is recommended because it's easier to test and maintain.

why oop is used?
OOP language allows to break the program into the bit-sized problems that can be solved easily (one object at a time).

4 principle of oop
encapsulation, 
abstraction, 
inheritance, and 
polymorphism

encapsulation:
Encapsulation make sure that sensitive data is hidden from user.
To achieve this,we have to class variable/attribute as private.
To read or modify the value of a private member we can provide get and set method.

Abstraction:
Abstraction is a process of providing only the essential details to the outside 
world and hiding the internal details.It represent only the essential details in program.

Inheritance:
The capacity of a class to derive properties and characteristics from another class is 
called inheritance.

Polymorphism:
Polymorphism is the method in an object-oriented programming language that performs different things as per the object’s class,
 which calls it. With Polymorphism, a message is sent to multiple class objects,
 and every object responds appropriately according to the properties of the class. 
Like:animal class have method sound and cat and dog class inheriate it and they have same
 method sound.but when we create object of animal class and call sound method then the animal
 class method call same way when we create object of cat and dog and call their 
sound method they will call specific function of cat and dog.


Interface vs abstract class
1/Interface can only have abstract method
1/Abstract class can have abstract and non abstract method
2/It support multiple inheritance
2/It doesn't support multiple inheritance
3/can only have static and final variable
3/can have static, non static,final and non final variable
4/fully abstract
4/partial abstract
5/Interface Animal{
void eat()
}
5/abstract class Animal{
abstract void eat()
}




