//video that follow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM_lSZPMClo

SINGLE RESPONSIBALITY PRINCIPLE

one class will performe only one task.suppose,In a bank class you have to performe load related task,
message otp task and a lot more .It will be single reponsibality principle when you create message otp and
load related task in seperate class.

Open-Closed Principle

open for extension and close for modification.you should able to extend a class behaviour without modifying it.
suppose you want to implement a sms service for whatsapp,fb,tweer etc..make a interface and extend it for whatsapp,fb and tweer.
you don't have to modify existing class when you implement for same sms service for linkedin .you just implement interface sms 
service and write logic in linkedin class.
“Open to extension” means that you should design your classes so that new functionality can be added as new requirements are generated. “Closed for modification” means that once you developed a class you should never modify it, except to correct bugs.
It means that you should put new code in new classes/modules. Existing code should be modified only for bug fixing. 
New classes can reuse existing code via inheritance.

Open/closed principle is intended to mitigate risk when introducing new functionality. 
Since you don't modify existing code you can be assured that it wouldn't be broken. 
It reduces maintenance cost and increases product stability.

Liskov Substitution Principle

If class B extends class A and it can completely replace class A. Thats call Liskov Substitution Principle.
suppose A socialMedia abstract class have chatWithfriend,Post,groupVideo call abstract function.
If Facebook implement this abstract class then it's a Liskov Substitution Principle because facebook have
all feature but if whatsapp implement it,Then it will not Liskov Substitution Principle because whatsapp 
doesn't support post share with friend. To overcome this problem we can use multiple interface.
Interface only have post and another one only have groupChat.faceboom will implement both of them and
it's completely behave like liskov because child completely replace 2 of the parents.
and whatsapp will implement chatWith friends and groupCall.

Interface Segregation Principle

Don't force user to implement unnecessary method.
let's say we create a payment interface where have payment card,check balance etc.
now we are creating banking calss where user have payment card and also user check their balance but
same interface we implement in mobile banking but mobile banking don't have payment card but we force them to implement it.
To overcome this problem we can create 2 interface, one for check balance and another for card.
bank will implement both of them but Mobile banking will implement only check balance.

Dependency Inversion Principle

High level module should not depend on low level module but both should depend on abstraction. 
suppose a shopkeeper care about card, he don't care about it's David card or credit card.we create a shopkeeper
class then we have hardcoded it wheather it's david card or crdit card but
if we use interface and implement same interface for david and credit card.
we don't have to hardcode it.we only have to use this interface. 

Simple Explanation:
Without DIP:

Imagine you're building a toy car. The car has a motor directly connected to a battery.
The car's motor depends on the battery being exactly the way it is (same voltage, size, etc.). If you want to change the battery or use a different power source, you'd have to change the motor as well.
With DIP:

Instead of connecting the motor directly to a battery, you connect it to a power interface. The interface says, "I don't care where the power comes from, just give me power."
Now, the motor doesn't need to know if the power comes from a battery, solar panel, or some other source. You can swap out the power source without changing the motor.
Technical Explanation:
Without DIP: High-level modules (like the car's motor) depend on low-level modules (like the battery).
With DIP: Both high-level and low-level modules depend on abstractions (interfaces or abstract classes), which define the essential behavior without being tied to specific implementations.
